📚 Added looping exception for Google Sheets Update operation (#737)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/getting-started/key-concepts/looping.md

	* **List**: This operation executes only once, not for each incoming item.
* [**Google Sheets**](../../nodes/nodes-library/nodes/GoogleSheets/README.md) node:

> 	* **Read**: This operation will execute only once for the `Sheet` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* **Read**: This operation executes only once for the `Sheet` resource.
```

Author: Looks like this change request isn't related to this PR. Maybe best to handle this separately?

Reviewer: I'm hoping to sneak in style changes as we do other work.

> 	* **Update**: This operation will update multiple rows only if they are in the same range.

Reviewer: Could we say something like:

"This operation updates multiple rows if they are in the same range, or [whatever it does if they are not - updates a single row I guess?]"

Author: Thx for your feedback on this one @StarfallProjects, clarified what's happening in https://github.com/that-one-tom/n8n-docs/commit/7efac0f80933254cd4b7417d18e79baa5332163f.

* [**HTTP Request**](../../nodes/nodes-library/core-nodes/httpRequest/README.md) node: You must handle pagination yourself. If your API call returns paginated results you must create a loop to fetch one page at a time.
* [**Microsoft SQL**](../../nodes/nodes-library/nodes/microsoftSql/README.md) node does not natively handle looping, so if you want the node to process all incoming items you must create a loop.

> * [**Postgres**](../../nodes/nodes-library/nodes/postgres/README.md) node will execute and iterate over all incoming items only for Postgres related functions (e.g. `pgInsert`, `pgUpdate`, `pqQuery`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Postgres**](../../nodes/nodes-library/nodes/postgres/README.md) node will execute and iterate over all incoming items only for Postgres related functions (for example, `pgInsert`, `pgUpdate`, `pqQuery`).
```

Author: Looks like this change request isn't related to this PR. Maybe best to handle this separately?

Reviewer: I'm hoping to sneak in style changes as we do other work.
